Hi all this is parag soni from group number 6 As part of the assignment 1 - part 2 
We are 4 people in this group includeing me and members Mayna Onam raman

We have divided the presentation in 3 parts namely 
1. Introduction - describing the purpose of presentation
2. Checklist created to critique Paper 
3. conclusion which will cover the final judgement on entire research paper.

We are presenting a presentation
critiquing the recent published research paper named "Machine learning-based in-hospital 
mortality prediction models for patients with acute coronary syndrome". and the purpose of this is to 
evaluate the chosen research paper based on the checklist created in part 1 of assignment.

Checklist is listed below and I will be covering 
sections Aim of model and literature review of the presentation. 

Aim of the model is to identify the risk factors of in-hospital mortality in 
patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and to evaluate the 
performance of traditional regression and machine learning prediction models.

Researcher has clearly descibed the Aim of the model in the paper 
and has listed out all the mandatory details.
Like 1. using univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis for Identifying risk factors based on the data that can assist  acute coronary syndrome(ACS) patients.

2. Defining a binary classification variable that indicates how serious a patient's health is.

3. researcher used multiple models to assess the outcome with Logistic Regression as baseline model and ML models like GBDT, SVM, Random Forest, also
evaluated the performance of each model by calculating sensitivity, specificity ,and receiver operating characteristic curve

4. researcher clearly defined the population setting for the predictive models.

5. Even though No calculation conducted for the sample size but 
ensured it still matches the minimum requirement sample size to develop prediction models which is 10 events for each predictor parameter.

Thats for Introduction 
Moving to Literature review.

1. so The author here had considered and referenced a wide range of new and historical articles  as well as other publications and tried to make a clear difference as
where this Paper fills the gap too and have mentioned the pros and cons too.
Like those publications mainly focused on single risk factor predictors .

2. there is no common ground for paper selection, Because the predicted mortality rate period varies from 30-day death to 2-year mortality, .

3. only thing that we find wrong is that The author compared the findings of the study with those of other published studies in the later part of this report,
 which could have been done in the first section, where the novelty of the article have been addressed.

